feat: Allow marking spam as read via a sieve filter (ENV `MARK_SPAM_AS_READ=1`) (#3489)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

> **Note**: Changes and additions listed here are contained in the `:edge` image tag. These changes may not be as stable as released changes.

### Added

> - New environment variable `MARK_SPAM_AS_READ` which if set to `1` marks incoming junk as read so no notification is generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New environment variable `MARK_SPAM_AS_READ`. When set to `1`, marks incoming junk as "read" to avoid unwanted notification of junk as new mail ([#3489](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3489))
```
